Other Questions !!

1. What is java Garbage collection?

2. How can we take a thread dump?

3. Maven Snapshot Repository vs Release Repository?

4. Tell me about yourself?

5. What is your total and relevant experience?

6. Tell me about skills in Devops domain?

7. What is your day to day activity you will be doing?

8. What tools you are using in Devops?

9. Did you work on apache , tomcat?

10. Did you work on any middleware technology, cloud?

11. What is the toughest challenge faced in your project?

12. What you do on daily basis?

Describe the project architecture, what is the role

What is the toughest challenge faced in your project?

What you do on daily basis?

Tell me about yourself and work culture and daily activities and  rules and responsibilities what  you are holding on?

What is the issue you faced in your project and how can you fix that issue?

1.Can you please explain about  your rules responsibilities in your current role?

4.What is the size of your team members?

15.Tell me about your key skill in devops?

Q5. What are the core operations of DevOps in terms of development and Infrastructure?
Ans. The core operations of DevOps are: application development, code developing, code coverage, unit testing, packaging, deployment with infrastructure, provisioning, configuration, orchestration, and deployment.

Q6. Can one consider DevOps as an Agile methodology?
Ans. DevOps can be considered complementary to the agile methodology, but not completely similar.

Q7. Name some of the top tools used in DevOps? What are the tools that you have used?
Ans. Some of the common tools are – Docker, Git, Selenium, Puppet, Nagios and Chef

Q12. Which is the most popular scripting language in DevOps?
Ans. Python.

Q13. What is Vagrant and what is it used for?
Ans. Vagrant is a tool that can create and manage virtualized (or containerized) environments for testing and developing software.

Q14. What is post mortem meetings?
Ans. It is done to discuss what went wrong and what steps should be taken so that failure doesn’t happen again.

Q16. What’s a PTR in DNS?
Ans. Pointer (PTR) record is used for revers DNS (Domain Name System) lookup.

Q24. How does HTTP work?
Ans. The HTTP protocol works in a client and server model like most other protocols. A web browser using which a request is initiated is called as a client and a web server software which responds to that request is called a server. World Wide Web Consortium and the Internet Engineering Task Force are two important spokes in the standardization of the HTTP protocol.

Tell me about ypur past working experience?

what is your roles and responsibilities?

what is wave server?

what is the revere proxy?

6.what is dedicated server?
